---
lat: 59.3326398
lng: 18.0778069
Title: Arena Run
Country: Sweden
City: Stockholm
Address: Råsta Strandväg 1
Date: 2017-02-18
Site: https://arenarun.se/
Obstacles: 23
Length: 5 km
Price: 695-2780
Currency: SKR
Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/embed/de8z47nWklo
Challenge: 3
---

Arena Run is an obstacle run where you run, crawl, jump in, under, over and through obstacles in a unique arena environment. It gives you the opportunity to challenge yourself as an individual or as part of a team. The challenge is constructed and planned to satisfy as many people as possible - young, old, elite or amateur.
The race has a total distance of 5k within the arena premises and you run up and down stairs, in-between bars, through tunnels, stands and corridors, and out on the pitch. The obstacle-park is situated on the pitch and divided into four zones. There are no electricity or water obstacles.

Why compete in the Arena Run?
You will be the star of the arena and experience the feeling of "owning" it.

You get to see and experience an arena from the inside.
You can compete on your own or togheter with friends, colleagues, your child, mother, father, brother or sister as elite or amateur - you will all be stars of the arena.

Competition
Arena Run has 5 classes. Each class has a qualifying race that leads to a final in each class.

Women's single
Individual class for women.

Men's single
Individual class for men.

Team women
4 women in each team.

Team men
4 men in each team.

Team mix
2 men and 2 women in each team.

Team competition
The ten best teams from the qualifying race compete in the finals within each class. The time of the last competitor to cross the finishing line counts as the time for each team - not the total time for the whole team.

Individual competition
50 single competitors from the qualifying race compete in the finals within each class.